Document Reusable Fields (#158)
SAP/abap-file-formats: doc/specification.md

  ]
}
```

> ## Reusable Fields in JSON files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reusable Fields in JSON Files
```

> In this section fields are described which can be reused by all file formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes fields that can be reused by all file formats.
```

> In this section fields are described which can be reused by all file formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, fields are described which can be reused by all file formats.
```

The types for these reusables are defined in the interface [`ZIF_AFF_TYPES_V1`](file-formats/typesUsedForAll/zif_aff_types_v1.intf.abap).

### Schema

> The field `$schema` is a meta field and defines the format and the format version of the json content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `$schema` is a meta field and defines the format and the format version of the JSON content.
```

> Basically, it is  needed to allow the incompatible evolution of an content type.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Basically, it is needed to allow the incompatible evolution of a content type.
```

> `$schema` specifies the location of the json schema with an URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `$schema` specifies the location of the JSON schema with an URI.
```

As of now, this is a link within this repository.

---
**Note**: Versioning is not finally decided. Please refer to issue [#53](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats/issues/53).

---

### Description

The field `description` contains the description of the object.

### Original Language

> The field `originalLanguage` stores the information about the original language of the the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `originalLanguage` stores the information about the original language of the object.
```

> The field `originalLanguage` stores the information about the original language of the the object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The field `originalLanguage` stores the information about the original language of the object.
```

The original language is specified with [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) language codes.

---

> **Note**: It has to be decided whether the language code is specified upper case (like in ABAP) or lower case as in the ISO 639-1 specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: It has to be decided whether the language code is specified in upper case (like in ABAP) or lower case as in the ISO 639-1 specification.
```

Refer to issue [#34](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats/issues/53).

---

> All translatable texts in the object shall be maintained in its original language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All translatable texts in the object shall be maintained in their original language.
```

Translations of the texts shall be stored in separate files.

The original language is not specified for sub objects. Sub objects have the same original version as their main objects.

### ABAP Language Version

The field `abapLanguageVersion` specifies the ABAP language version of an object.

> With the ABAP language version, it is possible to specify which ABAP language   elements and which other objects you can use in your object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With the ABAP language version, it is possible to specify which ABAP language elements and which other objects you can use in your object.
```

It does not specify the compatibility with a specific release (like SAP_BASIS 7.55).
The ABAP language version `standard` specifies no limitation with regards to the usage of ABAP language elements or other objects.

> The ABAP language versions `cloudDevelopment` and `keyUser` are a subset of ABAP language version standard and you can use only a subset of ABAP language  elements and released objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ABAP language versions `cloudDevelopment` and `keyUser` are a subset of ABAP language version standard and you can use only a subset of ABAP language elements and released objects.
```

> The ABAP language versions `cloudDevelopment` and `keyUser` are a subset of ABAP language version standard and you can use only a subset of ABAP language  elements and released objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ABAP language versions `cloudDevelopment` and `keyUser` are a subset of the ABAP language version standard and you can use only a subset of ABAP language  elements and released objects.
```

> For more details you can refer to the [ABAP keyword documentation](https://help.sap.com/doc/abapdocu_latest_index_htm/latest/en-US/index.htm).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, you can refer to the [ABAP keyword documentation](https://help.sap.com/doc/abapdocu_latest_index_htm/latest/en-US/index.htm).
```

The field `abapLanguageVersion` is optional. Allowed values are `standard`, `cloudDevelopment` or `keyUser`. The default value is `standard`.

> Implementations of ABAP file format can decide whether they serialize the ABAP language version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementations of ABAP file formats can decide whether they serialize the ABAP language version.
```

During deserialization, ABAP systems might change the ABAP language version needed in the specific context.

> E.g., SAP BTP, ABAP environment systems set the ABAP language version to `cloudDevelopment` or systems which do not support the ABAP language version might set it to `standard`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
E.g., SAP BTP, ABAP environment systems set the ABAP language version to `cloudDevelopment`, while systems which do not support the ABAP language version might set it to `standard`.
```
